## Career Rundown

I began my career focusing on machine learning research at Visualcamp, where I worked on developing gaze tracking models tailored for mobile devices. During this time, I managed to **increase our model's accuracy by 25%**, laying the groundwork for what would become a successful line of mobile gaze tracking products.

I then transitioned into a leadership role at the same company, taking the leadership role of the SDK development team. This was the most challenging task of my career, and I will touch on it in other articles in the future. Aside from my leadership role, my technical responsibility ranged from creating and managing high traffic SDK authentication and also building the core pipeline for machine learning models using C++. I also implemented agile methodology and encouraged personal empowerment in the team. This led to the SDK supporting six diverse environments and **facilitating over 5 million monthly authentications**, highlighting both its versatility and reliability. We were also fortunate enough to be recognized with several prestigious awards -[ the CES 2021 Innovation Awards](https://www.ces.tech/innovation-awards/honorees/2022/honorees/s/seeso.aspx) and the [2022 MWC GLOMO Awards for Best Mobile Innovations](https://www.gsma.com/newsroom/press-release/gsma-reveals-winners-of-2021-glomo-awards/) just to name a few.

Most recently, I've been more involved in backend development of a new product. I worked with microservice architectures and Kubernetes, focusing on scalability and robustness of the application. This was pivotal for the successful beta launch of our product, and I'm currently leading the development and deployment for the full-scale production service.
